is the media and Communications officer
of the Palestine red Cresent Society she
says Israel's bombardments are making it
impossible to properly treat and reach
the
wounded the palasan teams are working
under extremely dangerous and impossible
conditions that no hospital can even
operate in this world under today there
was a shelling right in front of Al
Hospital dozens of people were killed
while others were wound were wounded in
the Shilling in front of the hospital
and this is absolutely is causing
significant fear and panic among
thousands of people who are taking
shelter inside our hospital and our
headquarters in hunit this is not the
first Target even yesterday there was
artillery shelling that targets the
upper floors of the Palestine red C
headquarters in h unit chosing several
injuries among the displaced people um
days before there was a shock for a 1
years old boy while he was inside our
facilities from an Israeli drone this
constant attacks against costoms and
healthcare workers um it's even just
getting worse and worse civilians now
don't have any other options they have
run out of all options I don't I they
don't know even where to go even because
there is no safety place people are just
moving multile time from a place to
another while simply in Gaza everywhere
is not safe and at least there is
800,000 civilians who are still there in
Gaza City and the north they are
completely trapped in inside Gaza City
and the north without access to food
water or even Medical Care Services
every single day we're getting dozens of
phone calls from Desperate people who
are trapped in their homes and without
even being able to reach out to them to
deliver our Medical Services